What it is down this typewriter how you doing we've got too much show for you
tonight you guys are not ready for what's about to go down live from the
typewriter downtown Los Angeles Harmontown is now in session
Spencer Crittenden
our musical guest two-time Grammy nominee Robbie folks come on up Robbie
the mayor of Harmontown Mr. Dan Harmon
who changed that curtain yeah the curtains are different curtain changer it's
curtains fire that curtain changer or or rehire them change it back I like my
curtains I like my curtain oh damn wait I have no I have no singing for my
iPhone here you have a thingy it's just the wrong thingy fuck it we're gonna
rely on Zach Zach whenever we need a like a beat I'm gonna go I'm gonna give
you the finger and we're gonna go Steve Levy everybody Steve Levy Steve Levy
I see how are you feeling Dan I'm feeling good I'm looking at your face well I
just I've kind of like constipated no I just don't know it's a like Jeff's kind
of a wild card and I'm like I can't plug my phone in I'm like is it upside down
what's happening yeah I only have two things I'm excited about the pretzel
bacon king and the new phenomenon that is with the pretzel bacon king I what
whatever you get the idea there is a it's it's a goddamn Burger King burger
looks like on the pretzel bun I'm just I I want to rob a bank I don't have to but
I don't eat fast food but that thing looks really good damn it pretzel bun like
first of all big pretzel bun guy is there anybody who's like like anti
pretzel bun like if you're on a plane and they come by with the basket they're
like what kind of bun do you want and there's a pretzel bun in there is
anybody like first of all fuck that shit I'm a I have a gluten allergy but so I
can't eat pretzel bread but I or any bread do you actually have a gluten
allergy yeah I'm celiac oh shit when did that happen like apparently like when
I was born again I don't know how's that working out for me not good I hate it
because apparently I love his own Tyler Jordan dialogue I can't put pretzel
breads the shit yeah it's great so but I'm saying for the first time in my life
I'm jealous of you can I put my phone here yeah you could sit here if you want
no I just want you didn't invite me out I was saving you like a piece of shit I
was saving you we got I told the audience we got too much show we got Robbie
Robbie how you doing Robbie you have a mic you know there's mics everywhere yeah
I'm doing good things all right good to see you all right we're all checked in the
only other thing I'm excited about is just the growing phenomenon of the
people tweeting videos of guys sleeping in their Tesla's on the freeway what
everybody keeps driving by these guys are just like not it off behind their
wheel of their Tesla and what I love about it is like though it's like well
that's amazing like I don't blame those people for taking the video I don't blame
them for posting it they're like here's something you don't see every day sign of
the times this is fucking dude it's just a sleep in his car on the freeway what I
find amazing is like you go down the rabbit hole of the the response that it
evokes and it's hilarious to me that's like you have to have a war over whether
this sleepy Tesla guy is a sign of it's everything is zero some like so the
first people to be like oh real great yeah just what we need like more fucking
bullshit on the freeway and then other people be like oh no looks like a pretty
good fucking beta test to me think the car might stop maybe wake him up what
what the fuck did you do today and people just go to war they're going to war
over a fucking blender like this is like like like you can't find middle ground
here the March of Time ain't gonna stop cars gonna drive cars gonna drive the
guy shouldn't be asleep the guy should not be asleep behind the wheel I'm gonna
tell you as a Tesla owner I have spent what the amount of time I am willing to
be behind the wheel with my eyes closed has spiked dramatically the reason is
because formerly when you're knowing that you're in a car that will
absolutely stop sooner than your foot would stop if anything in front of it
Jesus fucking Christ
yes guys please welcome our guest for tonight well Robbie folks is here he's
gonna he's also our guest for tonight do you want to
should he play because well I don't know I think well yeah I don't put Robbie
on the spot but what instead of me playing one of my stupid little like
like clips of music do you want to play our guest on Robbie like kind of like
whoa yeah yeah hang on do you need like a you need like maybe Dan's boom mic for
your for your guitar yeah yeah give him your boom and give them your boom give
them your bull ladies and gentlemen we are about to meet the person who created
the only show that's better than anything I've ever done he's both a
mentor and a friend and a enemy whoa I just threw that in because it seems more
Spanish please welcome Mitch Hurwitz
hello Mitch sorry I was back there waiting for Rob's introduction so yeah
yeah like that ever gonna happen yeah what a bummer it is that he got short
shrift huh no I'm just really sad when Rob doesn't get what's due him on this
show thanks for coming Emmy winner Mitch please come on did I wreck it no
no no did you get the bread basket that we sent over the I was listening no
fair listening here's what's wrong with the pretzel bread can I controversial
and you know it's a difficult time now to go out on a limb like this but it can
be dry right you can you can have a pretzel like a bun on a burger and it
can be too dry okay wow shots fired all right I've never experienced a pretzel
bun too dry they're normally buttery and soft well I don't know you know maybe
I'm on the private flights and they don't give you the good ones or something I
don't oh shit see why is your arrest of development private airline giving you
dry pretzel well it was a bad investment no no it was a it was a fucked up and I
kind of thought the show's gonna go forever and you know it's like I'm
starting a streaming network and now it's like another bad investment it's like
of all times you started working at Netflix all this time and then you went
and started I want to start with because they've had such great luck with it right
thought you know and then and I thought you know what's not out there and I
thought well like add well there's too much content right so this is there's
not a lot of content now and it's got two tiers oh yeah it's good like
advertising is four dollars a month okay and then like more advertising is like
six dollars a month that sounds like our our business model yeah yeah it's good
which is why we're ending the show soon yeah because it's it's not it doesn't
make any sense yeah we'd love to have you do nothing on it at some point it was
we're not into content that's not our thing what if you generated over at
Netflix did they give you like an overall deal I was real jealous I did I did have
an overall deal and there wasn't much to be jealous about I mean there was it was
nice to be able to use the pool whenever I wanted the Netflix pool the shape
just seems to not like I get it it has to be an end but yeah like that doesn't
help with swimming like yeah yeah no it's great they do a lot of things this
spa is great and their restaurants obviously are worth it but I did a
couple things over there and then I spent a lot of time bringing back a rest of
development and and then ruin that decision but I won't why did you read
that decision no I did he won't get into it I won't get into it he won't get
into it in this story no but he's listening to this just tell us why you
rue that decision the show is dying we nobody's nobody no one's been fired for
things that happened here before we're getting cancelled you get it yeah we're
getting cancelled yeah and you were gonna announce your comeback tour right
tonight tonight you're gonna yeah excuse me what sorry sorry sorry sorry what
what what you get what awesome okay anyway continue with the podcast three
susans oh shit and an Emmy oh I can remember he has a little spot for their
drink you can you can have this table or yeah I feel bad for you have you met
Grammy doing something singer-songwriter oh no did you win a Grammy oh look at
that we have a distinct that's so nice that's so nice dude we could put it on
the floor if you want hey make sure you're singer though do you like do you
like to sing music are you kidding me that's my first love is singing is it
really yes I don't I don't sing but I will if you if that would be no I I mean
I just don't want to waste our Robbie folks on that on the crowd here oh well
no you want to play something and I'll just scat yeah no I won't I wouldn't dare
wait a minute Dan whoa I don't want to appropriate the scat from the people who
gave it to us not the people but you know what I mean that's your next Grammy is
that easy that's your next gram wow I've never heard woke scat before that's
really post-op scat that's a great name for a scat singer woke scat I got no
right to make a sound that isn't very restrained and coming through a sphincter
of privilege to pretend let's enjoy white privilege while we have it I know
like oh that's the thing I don't understand why white people get so
excited about it we haven't been enjoying our privilege enough we've been
privileged we just haven't enjoyed it the white privilege here's the thing that
white people don't understand when they're when you're told that you have
privilege you're socialized to understand that precedes shit getting
taken from you right yeah society doesn't work by those rules like people can
just say hey you've got privilege and you can be like thanks and you don't have
to do shit you don't even have to thank them I was I was driving next to a cop
over here for a while and I noticed that well first I noticed I was trying to be
a very good citizen you know that thing where the cops is next to you and you're
just trying to show that you're here no I would let this guy go yeah I'm not like
why there's no you know you can be a nice shoplifting and then I really did
think like like no fuck it you know this is a good opportunity for white
privilege like let me be a little bit of an asshole and see what happens and you
know so I pretended I was on the phone just saying like are you fucking kidding
me look over the cop that part's not true but I really did but I really did
notice like why am I my best behavior here yeah everything you're reading is
the yeah I once told the cop to go fuck himself and I like that's if that's not
white privilege then nothing is yeah yeah I one time picked up I was walking my
dog and in our neighborhood the police have okay alright excuse me that's how
it works this is the aftershocks this is the aftershocks no the guy got a nickel
put in one so he's gonna keep doing that until he pukes and falls over and then
it's like no no no go on go on go on if you can find it within you just please
shut up it no matter how much that attempts you to keep talking like you
got it is you're in a different zone than the rest of us there's like a bunch
of people that paid money to be at the show this isn't Andrew Yang rally where
everybody just screams their heads off it's the wrong take care of it go go on
Rob I told a rando with with nothing to contribute that he shouldn't talk so
now makes make this count so I'm walking my dog I'm walking my dog in our
neighborhood the police have been killing civilians okay right and so I'm
walking the dog I'm walking the dog and you know it's like sometimes when they
they bring out like the the garbage you know it's sitting there and you're
walking the dog you get the bag of shit you're like oh bonus I don't have to sure
I don't have to turn the corner I can just put it right there you know and I'm
walking I'm walking I'm walking and I miss it and then I go oh I should turn
around and throw the dog shit away and as I was turning around and putting my
arm up a police car with the window open go by at the same time so it looked
like and forgive me for the people who don't have the visual of this so it looks
like me like going like if you're the cop I'm like oh my god so it just because
it just I was walking this way and then I do a sharp turn with my hand up with a
bag and you know in our neighborhood somebody had a towel in his hand and
got his face blowing off yeah you gotta turn that into like a blue lives matter
yes and the cop and the cop like went like this oh my god I could have been
killed right you could have been killed I that's basically what happened to that
guy right totally the same thing damn it sir it's like front row raise your hand
who's the guy he can't okay he raises his hand yeah but leg is gonna go up but
stop it I'll come over there and come for you I don't think it's gonna go up
no I know I look I know you guys don't get along but I don't think that his
brain controls his arm and his leg at the same time well I'm just thinking like
what it's like it's like the three stooges when they're plumbers you know
like if you flush the toilet the shower goes I'm just isn't that why if you were
in an audience and you're not supposed to talk you'd be like I'm talking I mean
it's possible it's that thing that people like now that our show is dying
and we're gonna be done soon I think people just want to be Adam Goldberg
for like like at the buzzer what if I can be like the like the last person
that the whole crowd hated and and we all learn that person's name I don't think
that wasn't the case it's certainly going to be the case now yeah I don't
think that guy fits in that category no I think he's not he's not going actually
I work in data processing he's going like volume up change the channel
discovery like he's not here right now he belongs home and he's here he's got a
backpack full of explosives we're all gonna die well I think we're this we're
not all gonna die most of us are gonna die that's really smart otherwise that's
against the law right you can't you can't say we're all gonna die yeah you
know legally I can only say that some of us yeah you can say you can say there's
a small fire and you know then people some people would leave but you can't
say there's a that's what's gonna happen every four minutes it's gonna get like
oh it's like great all right why are you on his side here's a thing here's a
thing too this is the scariest part of that I forgot my wallet you think he's
got it no no not when when I when I almost got shot by the police I the
first thing I thought I was was like I forgot my wallet in the house because
I'm just going you know I'm running out with the dog take a shit I don't need to
my fucking ID to tell the grass it's my dog shit but now suddenly you're in a
situation we got approved to this guy no this is my dog shit wait wait wait I
was like gonna go they would shoot me I would be dead and it would be hours
before Kate would even know even though I'm right outside the home right Michael
Stipe killed in the cops was there any kerfuffle like no one ever says stay them
ever come on way more timely take the glasses off just once day though hey
Robbie folks have you moved permanently to Los Angeles are you are you still a
Chicago dead we're over in Silver Lake Jeff Silver Lake Silver Lake yeah I'm
trying to figure out how I got here we were just drinking in the drawing room
yeah and I dragged you over and now we're here yeah well you may have fallen
asleep in your Tesla yeah do you live here for good or are you guys just
still beta testing you and Donna still living out here I think we're here for
good yeah we're in a temporary place but I think we're we like it here it's nice
and everything it's nice would you be willing to give us a night give us a
little more music and will for scouting or well you know or so should he have
your boom mic or do we have another one what why don't you trade my skin my good
in between his legs he's got this great technique you're obsessed with booming
him yes yes to sing to oh he has to sing okay yeah so like let's let's make
this work you guys now if for those of you that don't know Robbie and I'm gonna
I'm gonna pimp him out right now he is one of my favorite musicians of all
time and I know him through Dino's Sematopoulos our friend you're from
where in the south Robbie North Carolina North Carolina this guy I'm gonna
fucking put you and somewhere in the south I can't that's the that's where
he's at I will remove you sir if you keep doing that but you've lived in
Chicago for some good time right yeah real long time in Chicago and yeah yeah
what are you doing a song is that what I'm doing well yeah yeah yeah can I can I sing on with you huh
you want to start with a Robbie Fox original or should we assume when
together oh we do one together yeah what do you want to do that everly song we
were singing at the drawing room okay yeah all right I'll do my best but I'll
do the melody and you do the hi everly I'll give a shot we used to have good times together
but now I feel them slip away it makes me cry to see love die so sad to watch
good love go bad remember how it used to be you said nothing could change your
mind it breaks my heart to see us part so sad to watch good love go bad take the
bridge yo girl I remember all the times back in the day you used to fuck around
and it breaks my heart girl don't be like that
you said nothing could change your mind cop killer it breaks my heart to see us
part slinging rocks so sad to watch good love go bad special victims unit so sad
to watch good love go bad who expected we expected ice tea to hear magic take
your mic back featuring I see the victim I didn't expect ice tea to do to come
into that song that was beautiful except for the special victims unit part well
he doesn't yeah he doesn't have a right to plug that yeah no that's right like
they don't yeah yeah but he doesn't care about rules for him it for him it's not
business it's about business oh well I think he's changed lately whoa I think
he's decided that now it's personal let's bring out ice tea everybody how you
doing ice tea I I hear you that you have been busy been busy on a couple shows
yeah but I got shrunk down I'm baby tea you look your lowercase T I'm a little
tiny little lowercase T they can't all be gems you just want uppercase T on
that one no I gotta all right it's just me okay you are you workshopping some
new teas yeah ice tea I'm trying to get out of a contract with Sony you know
they invented HDMI just to put digital copyright inside your cords that ain't
personal that's business ain't nothing at HDMI cord does except prevent you from
recording Beatles songs I see I see I didn't realize that you were this
active on I've been learned consumer advocates learning about cables yeah I've
been crimping my own RG 59 coax sdi 3g 6g damn I could make Ethernet 5e cat 6
cat 6a 10 gigabits per second 10 gigabyte per second 10 gigabits okay
all right shit that shit goes through your walls it won't degrade fuck you you
seem like you're kind of in a bad mood about this way you lay a thousand feet
of cat 6a cable through the walls of your new hacienda your data ready for 10
years bitch all right why you're proof okay you don't have to get personal and
add hominem about it like it's not personal it's business is data which was
it is the future of this shit it's not business anymore and the internet's
gonna change everything and every home's gonna be its own internet I want to be
able to be located in my living room and sell shit to someone from India that's
in my bedroom by capitalism I mean hello too but it sounds it sounds like the
definition of capitalism but through wires now fuck that I mean I mean fuck
it like good like you like something are you still in the music you are you
still recording oh yeah me and body count we doing it hardcore oh yeah it's not
about I heard you have a new track for us that it's kind of like more of a
country tip yeah kind of a bluegrass yeah kind of if you don't think that's a
double beat yeah but this is more of a bluegrass thing which is people don't
think that's your wheelhouse but but sure yeah what's this one called the road
to tea well I've been personal all my life and I've been eating peas with a
knife I've had spoons and forks in my jeans but I don't know if you know what
I mean it ain't personal it's business it ain't through what it seems it ain't
personal it's business down from a shoes up into the crap in my inseam
wow mr. T that's very good mr. T like I'm not like I don't know about measures
and kind of it sounds like a man kind of waiting for you to fight hang it yeah
I appreciate that thank you Robbie for trying to wait for me and figure it out
but your big mistake was I ain't gonna figure it out I'm a wanderer you know
I'm just like looking at your fingers being like damn let's do this all right
come on all right that's enough look it's an elevator coming down I buy iced tea
you were great you started to cross a threshold bye it was good you know he
just kind of like Irish exited he just yeah yeah but it was great to have iced
tea on the show now it's great it's always great I think he knew more about
measurement than he was leading on you know because I think like inseam that
matters that's that's everything in a in a man's pant yeah you know in the
movies there was like the inseam is like an illusion to like your dick being big
is that a real thing like what is the issue up the tape measure goes from
your like your ankle up to your crotch and your dick size doesn't change your
inseam right no no it shouldn't right it shouldn't yeah has yours changed recently
no okay then you're fine I say in the movies they're always like oh the
inseam because like there's a kind of swollen crotch which is not a good
thing and it you want to be sure you don't have that right yeah you'll need
some of that powder in movies it's always like the you know these horny
Italian tailors yeah check it out your shit yeah take out your your your crotch
you should do a show called checking out your crotch and it but it'd be like
Schitt's Creek and like crotch would be the name of the town because that's very
popular now do you still want to do stuff Mitch sure yeah I do I don't do
really yeah I'll do some of your stuff oh go ahead yeah do you want you what you
want some of my ideas do you have any like Schitt's Creek type things I have
like what do I have like what I was gonna do a show called mother fuckers
which is this woman who they called mother and her last name is fuckers oh and
so she's the mother fuckers oh that's cool and that way you can say it on TV and
stuff you know I have like five ideas that are Groundhog Day meets something
yeah I know I'm is that okay I'm doing I'm doing Russian doll meets Groundhog Day
so I don't know maybe it's too close I said have you did you watch anything I
hate it when people ask me this but only because the answer is kind of always
embarrassingly no but I have been watching successionly oh my god do you
like succession yeah and you know why is succession is brilliant I mean if you
haven't discovered succession yet you haven't and I went into it a little bit
like defensive very because it was I've been told you know it's kind of like the
characters there's even like a Tobias there's like for kids and all this stuff
and so I kind of it is very blue thing yeah but it's so much funnier than
arrested development I mean it really is like it won on every point and now I'm
just a fan I'm a complete there's no competition obviously yeah but I can see
how people would be like tweeting you and going like who I looked at bitter when
it was you know like I get that but no it's inspired and and I even like the
thing at the end where the author you know I haven't done one of those shows
where at the end you get to talk about the scenes you know like at the end of
like Game of Thrones I don't I never it's like you get it absorbed in the
story and then someone says you know when we wrote that scene with the dragon
you're like ah fuck none of it happened yeah I don't watch those I can't
mention people watching those yeah no it's it kind of takes the fun out of
me yeah because it's like oh there's Arya Stark but she's like drinking a diet
coke and she's like oh yeah she didn't want to do that scene she don't she
don't want to kiss him she's like here's the three takes where I like jumped in
the air with the knife but then I landed on a cat like like like what this is
awful why are you doing this to me I thought you were real it's like the
network you say well we're all adults right I mean we all know this is
bullshit you know the real heroes are the fucking ugly people that had to
write this shit that's a game of Thrones you want to meet a fucking dragon
meet Benjamin the writers PA he's a fucking Harry character I just want to
do one of those and I want to like really seriously talk about the show it's
just like the most ridiculous show and then just say well that's it's really
about loss we were getting at we wanted to do we wanted to explore loss and
that's why we had his penis showing when he bent over like that the performance
is the casting and succession are great I got it really is like I Cody was
watching it just for for her own purposes and so that's that's the only
way I'm ever gonna get like hooked into a show because I'm so lazy and I still
have talked endlessly about like I don't know what it is that keeps me away
from watching shit but it's like Cody's got the laptop open it starts with me
hearing dialogue and I'm so jaded I'm like was that supposed to be funny I
don't know what is it a dramedy or a tragic comma do do but do but do like
whatever whatever pick a lane I just sort of like I just I just have this
jaded like membrane and then gradually things will land and I'll be like well
what's going on over there like is that a musical montage with those housewives
and why why won't he show up on time to the party and then you just get drawn
in and Cody made fun of me because I was like I was like this shows boring at
one point I almost don't want to say that out loud because it makes me sound like
such a fucking douche but I was like but it is that's how good the show is is
because it was probably like a couple hours later when I'm like I got work to
do and I was like come on what's the next episode she's like oh the boring show
and I'm like all right you got yeah fucking like it's riveting I I don't
know yeah it's it that that's riveting it doesn't go where you expect it to go
the characters are more nuanced it's just predictable enough yep to actually be
that's what I really like about it is that it doesn't try to purposely it
doesn't engage in like a hot rod unpredictability it actually gives you
perfect but this guy's a junkie he's gonna do it fucking junkies do and you
know how that's gonna end up the way you think it is and but it's like the
details are lateral enough that there's a confidence in the well and it's they
there is that thing that we don't often get to do in comedy where you leave some
things unexplained you know we in comedy it's all about you explain everything
you want everybody to get every joke and and that oh wait yeah he's just I feel
like Rob left he's getting to that age there's like he has to he has to go
every I think that's why it's wise that you didn't introduce him because because
what for yeah but anyway yeah they get to you get to like look into the
characters eyes you know is she upset what she is she relieved is I mean it
really is it's spectacular yes good you kind of love I felt the way about
Game of Thrones too it's I like I like good dramas that were like serialized
because you like you you get to pick a character you go like that person's the
best all these other people annoy me and then you're like okay well that person I
also understand and it kind of settles in like Velcro and you're like like
slowly they're just like I love all these fucking assholes and like you kind of
like you're watching a soap opera it's great I wanted to do a show I did a show
actually did four episodes of a show called everything's relative and the
conceit which NBC didn't quite let me do was gonna be that every episode another
character basically thinks the shows about them you know like they're the
normal person like the Michael Bluth basically so that you know it started
off with like the the white kid it was 35 but then the next episode was like the
mom is just all the mom's point of view and and they kind of do that in a way we
never got to do the project we were gonna do together which I think we could
just open source now because I'm retired no no let's do it all right I have a
way to do it but not at Netflix no back in there no I think we should do it on
my streaming was it called my streaming platform could could frankly stand a
little content you don't have a streaming platform do you ever start a
streaming but I'm starting a streaming platform I'm gonna it's got two tears I
feel like I mentioned this but the cool thing is it's just your last name so you
don't need to make up a Silicon Valley no it's not it's not it's not it's not
it's called netmitch no it's it's it's media master plus
well that's not what you think that's refreshingly Brian Heimer and if we're
not like violating some sort of like please no this all this all publicity
for what I need as many name what's the name of your show and what's the premise
like you give me the elevator pitch it's not a show it's a platform okay that's
already your way off all right all right I thought you guys had a media master
plus that oh that show yeah that show media master plus the show is a platform
that's I'm doing two tears you got to get that in there what what's two two
two two tears of power power power it's getting a little into content which
we're trying to avoid but I okay is there any content or is it just you
talking about the platform it's well one of the things I wanted to do is I
want to harness people's webcams and then they're basically it's almost like a
mirror there's a show that's the show like you you see your own life right you
don't but it's not flipped like a mirror and that's the key difference it's how
when they're at their ads two difference here the second here is that you get to
watch yourself and there's yeah yeah it's it's like you're gonna love it and
and you're the first streaming platform is not content based no content no
content no I think people are burnt out on content it's time that you that
yours your own self is enough well I think it is although we are in a deal
with Schitt's Creek oh we'll be honest we're trying to we're trying to go
downstream of that a little bit and then we have something called head up your
asses right the your ass family oh the your ass family you can say it you can
say it on TV because it's their name that's crazy those honestly when I was
watching the Emmys they're like Schitt's Creek like oh my god
Schitt's Creek on the Emmys that's fantastic it is a hilarious show by the
way I don't mean to be it says it's a dog it's it's wait what a well it's a
dog it's a dog I'm gonna miss this show yeah no I'm not but our idea was it's
multi-dimensional we were gonna do we're gonna team up we're still gonna do it I
have a way to do it you sure you want to tell them but your way to do it is your
joke no that's not a way that's not the way to do it it would not be good for
media master plus right we wouldn't run it on that okay but I don't want to do
it on Netflix cuz I want back I wouldn't be on it okay yeah I know back end what
like CBS all-access nice NBC Perview this is CBS is all-access like there's no
when they say no to there's not like some institutional racism or something
where it's like no you're Korean you can't get this channel it's all-access yeah
I think that yeah that I think that's not they're still they still hate Koreans
on that video it's like yes but everyone's allowed to watch yeah that's
great that's really so big of them yeah see CBS all-access CBS everybody can
watch why that'll work that'll are you are you have a deal there are you are
you exclusive there I'm working with your buddy Ron on a thing yeah on how access
Ron Harry way it's very very nice you always have to go I'm working at CBS then
you pause and you go all-access people are so relieved they're like oh my god
finally bisexuals can watch CBS you know I mean it's not like you don't have to
pass any fucking test like anybody's welcome I do I will say CBS being like
you I think that they're playing at the smartest cuz I was part of CISO which
was NBC's half-hearted attempt to like they're like oh we see where this is
going the world's gonna be mini-netflixes and so they put a little bit of money
into this thing CISO and we created Harmon quest for them and a lot of
shows created for them under the you took all of CISO's money as I heard it
that's that was the word that got we took all of it we rolled a 20 but I
think CBS is being the smartest about it because they're basically like here's
our platform on the web CBS all-access all-access is simultaneously like
unignorable but it's also like just sort of like it's just it means nothing so
they're there I there I think they sat there went like well what are we gonna
do eventually the thing with the antennas no one's gonna watch it
anywhere right they're like so we can't call this thing snap crackle dippled
apple like we can't like go all in on that and have a compete with like the
real thing it's like just call it CBS with a ramp because it's got CBS all
aboard and then it's like everyone gets a board and it's like CBS psych burp
welcome just kidding we're Netflix that's right it's like hey we don't want
any trouble we were just CBS all-access yeah like there's nothing it's not
CBS platinum plus shadow master but also in the CBS television they produce for
everybody so you could go exactly you could go what is the Hurwitz Harmon project
you guys talking about you guys it wouldn't be for you I don't think you
would appreciate outside the demo you're outside the millennial thing it's like
it's like give me the elevator pitch on your guys because it's all abbreviation
it's all just initials do you guys already have a millennial you have an opening
theme song we have a theme song why don't we just sing the theme song and I feel
like it gives away too much I think you guys remember the Beverly
Hillbillies like the whole conceit yeah but you're okay yeah I was like you would
watch the main tunnel and you go like okay that's enough I've had enough story
yeah yeah
two garbage men found a genie who worked in sanitation as well as the
garbage men but the garbage genie had thrown away half of its wishes but the
two garbage men didn't care because they were happy delivering garbage so now
the three of them are a family delivering wishes that other people throw away and
the genie is dying a painful death that Western medicine can't treat yet so it's
got some heart too but one of the garbage men is withholding his final wish
which he could use to cure the genie but he wants to fuck her it's what that's
why and that's why that's why delivering garbage and wishes misunderstanding
the very concept of what garbage men do they don't live garbage hashtag rape
culture that's not only Millennials only is the title yeah partial access it's on
CBS partial access partial access CBS is racially motivated let a little known
race partial access it's actually just for it's on CBS no audio and it's a lot
of people got like oh is it right it's racially it's but it's like moon raker
it's like the the the only people I can watch CBS partial access it's like it's
selecting people from each racial group on earth their logo happens in moon
raker I don't remember that from moon raker it's like a super colony of people
you know they're like you want you want like there's like three people of every
part of earth life that you're gonna they're gonna CBS is gonna start a
super colony with you know we if we were a we're gonna be gene splicing at some
point and we will be able to do that we will be able to decide what qualities
we should have are and you can imagine how badly this will go well people will
be able to say to parents because you know it's like the GI Bill and student
loans and things it's gonna go in a direction where people go like so you
want to have a kid which by the way shame on you like well we'll be we'll be
trained to be like oh such a horrible person this time and day like I want to
have a kid and it'll be like like yeah I want an SUV and the doctor I'll sit you
down and go so here's the different packages this one yeah if you agree that
your kid will be super into anime for seven years the Japanese government is
willing to give you $10,000 for diapers which is a pretty pretty big carrot if
your kid has an affinity for Apple products or is willing to work in the
stock room like like for five years everything will be a broke their life
will be broken yeah I think well I also think that if we'd gotten this a while
ago like the mistakes we would have made we would have probably gotten rid of
fear right I mean I think about like what people's biggest problems are usually
fear-based so we would have gotten rid of that we'd all be dead yeah that's what
you need right now more fearless people yeah we can do about that shame to let's
dial that shame down a little bit I've encountered too many shameful people on
the internet nowadays you know I post a picture of my fiance why is the 15 year
old that leaves a comment have to be so shame driven come on kid don't be afraid
to say whatever the fuck you want to an adult that could beat the piss out of
you go ahead let it rip after all your username is a string of fucking dollar
signs and a missile emoji you're too shameful you like nazi's Robbie
Robbie and the Nazis oh look who's back Karen I'll go ahead and join us speaking
of not fucking cold up here you know it's how freezing it is did you just take
a bath what did you do what did you were you I took a pee and then I sat down we
can do that we can just go we can just yeah the show's done nothing nothing
matters anymore nothing matters Rob aren't you weren't you gonna do like kind
of a soulful solo song about how nothing matters anymore sure he doesn't care
it doesn't matter
nothing matters when I go take a pee I don't even flush when I'm finished I let
it mellow in smells like spinach cuz I ate some yesterday nothing matters
nothing matters my pee smells like spinach you like it I don't hold my
nose when I urinate yes that's where it pays off thank you that's that's what we've
been waiting for yeah I came back on stage cuz I need some help and luckily
that was completely off Mike and the paying customers won't hear it Robbie well
we did a gig in New York together with with Dino and Stephen Colbert and Louis
CK and Tina Fey and a bunch of people's and everybody was freaked out that you
were there because I was even even more uncomfortable on that stage than I am on
this one but Tina before the show she's like and I'd never met I met Tina once
but I'd never met Stephen Colbert and they're like Robbie Fox is gonna be here
and they were nervous about being on a stage with you like because they I don't
think that's true what you're saying no it is true that good I mean it's true
cuz I heard them say that and Tina said that she used to get guitar lessons from
you back in the Chicago Second City days and they all took lessons from you
because it was like getting a free Robbie Fox concert wow they didn't want
to learn does that piss you off it was frustrating yes like I would have charged
more wait Tina Tina sniffs out a deal she knows what you did a duet
together was it like a Johnny and June song or gosh I'm trying to remember I
think it might have been success by Loretta Lynn okay yeah that was it
yeah and she can really sing yeah she's a good singer right yeah you guys were
fantastic together but she told me before the show and I again I only met her
briefly once that she's like I'm having a freaking freak out right now because I
have to go up in stage and sing with with Robbie Fox you know I did a I don't
know if this stories of interest or not she had a birthday party one time she
was turning 40 and she asked me to or no she didn't her husband asked me to Jeff
asked me to come play and it was a surprise for her and I and so so what's
the story here well once one story is that I thought I didn't know what would
be like right it's in a rock club and I didn't know would it be like her parents
or would it be comedians or what would it be and it was basically just Rob
Schneider sitting in a rocking right Rob Schneider was there and Melanie
Hutzel they were all there that's a joke for three people but no it's like an
office party basically a 30 rock office like the cast and the and the and the
producers and stuff were there they were like 40 people there you know in a club
that holds 600 people and they were milling around and Tina sat on a couch
kind of in the middle and watched me play and everybody else ignored me I was
with like a seven-piece band making a lot of noise and I prepared some special
material and I think this is mildly interesting I've never told this story
before but I thought I was preparing this stuff and I thought it was too a
complimentary of Tina I wrote a song about Tina and about our old days in
Chicago and this and that and was feeling really kind of corny and positive
and I'm two minutes into this song I thought well I'll do a joke in here so
the song was a Tina whoa whoa whoa Tina anyway I put in a line about Tina
you're faultless in my book then I go date night I'll overlook like that date
night was a terrible movie that she was in just to explain that and so I got to
this joke and like the crowd was kind of like enjoying it up to that point like
it was about Tina and it was positive and then it just turned the whole mood of
the room really on because they probably all worked on the film yeah it was a
total miscalculation it was a total miscalculation and I even I apologize to
her afterwards because I thought I'd kind of ruined a moment and she said oh no
that's she said I expected you to insult me because it's you she said they're
just all scared of me she said she's kind of intense like I my brief
encounters with her like she really is like like to meet her is to have been
met pretty hard that's great but I she she's only she was your Jeff you you're
funny motherfucker and then she just meant she turned around and walked away I
thought that that would that was that's meeting Tina for me she just like she
just nails you and the fucking bones out you didn't even get a chance to just
kick her in the balls over the date night thing
right after that sounds amazing I would think is it is it must be harder well
maybe it's not but is it harder to play for a small audience than a large audience
of one audience one too yeah it's kind of daunting I don't know what it's like
to play for a large audience maybe I was in Chicago and I asked Dino like what's
what's something cool doing something cool to do in Chicago and he goes you
should go is it the hideout or the hideaway the hideout the hideout which is
what's what part of town in Chicago is that it doesn't really have a name but
it's on the near north side it's kind of buck town or no it doesn't even have a
name okay it's just it's by a is it Jamestown free more guesses lo ho it was
by a rubbish tip and some debris and that is correct yeah and I went in there
and saw the show and I texted my brother Bill and I was like dude like you
would fucking freak out right now there's this guy named Robbie Fox playing
he's playing like bluegrass country folky stuff and I texted my brother and he
texted back and he goes I have every one of his records and I put you I met you
after the show I said I know Dino Stamatopolous my brother is on the phone
right now and you got in the phone and you insulted me to my brother you said
I like you more than your brother your brother's a piece of shit I said you were
terrible and date night I remember you see you got one go-to the date night of
M.C. he thinks everybody was on date night would you be honest with us if your
name was fake because it seems like such a richly musician name Robbie folks like
I would be like if somebody said hey the handyman's coming over to fix the sink
his name is Robbie folks I'd be like well what the hell's he's fixing my sink
for give that guy a guitar really I I've never encountered that point of view
but well I wouldn't do you I guess if it's your real name is what you're
telling me it's my real name yeah I wouldn't have chosen it to be a country
singer I would I don't know what did your mom not like Robert so Rob's name is
also Robbie that was my dad and yes you're right yeah is it Robbie on your
birth certificate Robbie no it's Robert
Robbie at his birth certificate how does that feel Robbie Schrab Robbie tell him
why tell him why because my mom when she was pregnant there were a lot of
restaurants being made and he thought because his mom's a Flintstone yeah this
is back this is back in the was causing restaurant boom the outdoors were
becoming in and she said she said you know well one day my son might grow up
and and he'll own a restaurant not be a hunter-gatherer like we are yeah he can
own a restaurant and he could call it Robbie's restaurant like I couldn't do
that my name was Timothy right it'd be like if everyone was still foraging she
would have named you Frank yeah nobody would eat at Roberts
restaurant and no one knows Robert has ever gone by Robbie so it's really good
thinking what when did you leave the south Robbie not you Robbie Robbie
Robbie folks Roberts I left it when I was 17 Jeff yeah yeah and I do you have
any connections back there still or is it oh yeah like high school friends that
have grown old and hideous looking that's not a lot of people not family
families are no more yeah nobody there my folks moved to Mexico and yeah
everybody's gone I'm not pipping out to sing this but there's a song if you want
to listen to it it's called that's where I'm from that I was one of my favorite
songs by Robbie it's a it's a beautiful song about about like you're not
country but you are country because you came from country yeah I mean my wife we
moved to the suburbs and we got this house that we almost sort of couldn't
afford and I thought as fancy neighborhood for people like us and then I
found out that like all those people came from you know crib death Iowa or
somewhere like that you know where the town is is crib death is that why because
I thought this was so unusual I've heard that side why it has that bridge by
Vincent Price yes that's just him where he talks about can we hear us about
suddenly infant death syndrome play a couple verses and let's hear the
Vincent yeah yeah way gets to that because I forgot the Vincent Price doesn't
doesn't doesn't kind of a you can't do Vincent you don't hear he's just playing
good well yeah but well he can do it surprise the tingler he's out there
tingling well I didn't mean to and I was just throwing in I was like oh and
isn't the bridge by Vincent Price which I guess is me saying like oh yeah play
that thing that's really valuable to you and mean something to you and I'll fuck
it up in the middle that's my with my famous Vincent Price impression
Millennials you're gonna sing it Robbie give it Dan given the boom mics we can
sing into it and then I have to hold no I want to hear the Vincent Price Mike oh
much of me on this show oh no how about a Vincent Price introduces you and then
you do the song that's how you do it and that's what he would do that's how you do
it that's like that's how we get this out commercial Vincent Price is hosting
SNL ladies and gentlemen Robbie folks this live television is intense so you
don't have to do that one I love this one but you don't have to do this I adore
the song so what did leavey do with them what are you doing looking for the
ice bucket fucking life Robbie this is dealers choice if you want to sing that
one or something else like it you want to do another song well you kind of set
it up yeah he really did okay it's kind of modeling we do the Vincent Price
introduction again yeah please okay so visit right
Robbie seems a couple of reasons that there might be a bridge like kind of
hook there's this lady with Steve Levy we love and appreciate you love and
appreciate Steve Levy we appreciate don't make it unconditional we
appreciate you Steve Levy ladies and gentlemen when I was on tour with the
spiders we did so much fucking coke that a thousand ghosts reaped my soul but
this next musician my heart's not in it his heart wasn't in it anyways the 13
ghosts of Scooby-Doo presents Robbie folks playing what's the name of the
song again that's where I'm ghost oh sorry no that's where I'm from back in the
driveway the end of the work day and how fast that world disappears like a
ghost a fresh lawn a pine tree I don't know if I want to do this I don't I don't
I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry start over if you want to do this what you do not
gonna keep doing I'm not gonna keep doing this is this is his favorite song
and you're taking a shit here a man climbs as high as he can but his heart
belongs where it began I can see in my mind's eye a shack on a hillside and a
mean billy goat on a chain and dad do in battle with dirt hard as gravel and
summers the crops never came we'd shoot down a pheasant in flight and sing
songs about Jesus all night and that's where I'm from where time passes slower
that's where I'm from where it's just man no sir you can't tell I'm country just
you look closer it's deep in my blood two cars a pitted fence that's where I've
come dirt roads and double wise that's where I'm from
night school on a fast track and no calls to look back that place put a scar on
my soul and I swore my young ones would never know hunger now the good life is
all they know well I've watched them grow now I see one thing separates them
from me and that's where I'm from where time passes slower that's where I'm
where it's just man no sir you can't tell I'm country just you look closer it's
deep in my blood two cars a white collar neck tie that's where I've come half
naked in the moonshine yeah that's where I'm from
if you've ever heard Hank Williams sing brother you know the whole blessed thing
because that's where I'm from where time passes slower that's where I'm from
where it's just man no sir you can't tell I'm country just you look closer well
it's deep in my blood a long way down a hard road that's where I've come some
place I can't go home to that's where I'm from
thank you Ravi oh wait rich I want it makes I want to take guitar lessons from
you ready I'm ready that was beautiful would you you said you're kind of
self-taught to it like you kind of just you sort of playing by yourself or do
you take lessons as well well my dad showed me chords and stuff and and my
mom too and yeah just records after that you know I would say yeah who do you
listen to oh you know the people that I like when I was young you know I think
a lot of them really I still like them a lot of them is what I'm trying to say
and that's like Doc Watson and John Hartford and then later on when I broke
from my parents taste a little bit you know the Beatles and obvious stuff like
that I guess I don't I don't know that I know Doc Watson obviously yes what is
that where are you at now creatively and or an answer in any way you want like
in your in your life now like I don't know what your path has been from youth
to and how you've gauged that with like your relationship with other people
hearing your music and things like where are you where are we finding you
right now are you are you pursuing your own bliss at the expense of pleasing
other people or is it the opposite are you like I don't know it's a bad
question I guess I'm just always curious with musicians like you're clearly a
very authentic like confident guy and I'm wondering like have you been on his
journey of like oh what's your what's your relationship with what you do are
you do you go home at night and like putter in a in a dark room and like
play things into a into a little hard drive and only listen to them yourself
and then cut your forearm a little bit or would you like another Grammy or or
are you like is there it's like a British guy that comes over and goes
how about me baby what are you doing baby we need another hit it's gotta have a hook
well it's got that I mean I love where you're from and all that business
Jesus Christ give him another fucking syringe from the fucking old-timey
country shit come on baby comfortably now get up we got a tour to do blimey
that's a great question dad see I'm not a bad interviewer people say you're a
bad interviewer but that was a perfect question I was like I'm like Charlie Rose
but well I was gonna say without the sexual harassment but I'm like Charlie
Rose yeah you're exactly Charlie Rose yes or no question you moved out to LA
with Donna your wife and because she's you know pursuing stuff out here too I'm
tagging along with her you know but you gig all the time you're on tour
constantly yeah I'm out a lot and yeah I haven't really like found a slot to fit
in here yet but we've only been here a few months so but what was the record
that was the Grammy nominee oh it's a upland stories it's about three years
old and the song and you also nominated for the for a track too right oh yeah the
track was called Alabama night yeah I was a win I didn't win okay I lost two
Grammys I've technically lost every Grammy you were up against them like so
like some cool stuff but like like just the fact that somebody found I'm a
pretty small I have a real small audience so it's just cool to be included in
that yeah yeah like I've seen you play like when you do when you come to LA
back when you saw in Chicago you play McCabe's which is like an awesome music
store in like Santa Monica Santa Monica and you're funnier than all the comics
that I know and the music and you also just pick like people that play I saw
you play the troubadour and it was a gig that you played the troubadour my
brother and I came but the headliner was some like like some young teeny
bopper band and I texted you afterwards and and I was like those people couldn't
follow you because like you and a bunch of kind of old dudes playing like
bluegrass right cooled it and you text me back follow that mother fuckers because
they couldn't fucking follow it because I you pick like like local musicians and
stuff and everybody just fucking after this so this ends in December this
podcast yeah so could we have a podcast where you just compliment me yes that's
what is it here's a more here's a more refined question I want to know everybody
you want to use the restroom curious about with musicians in general and I'm
sure all their answers are different but I'm just because at the end of the
pipeline we hear songs they're two minutes three minutes four minutes they
have five minutes all right six minutes seven minutes eight minutes nine
minutes I'm curious about the process of like the relationship with like what
the end product is like does a musician or you yourself like what do you is it
like God ask a question ask him a question I think what I think what
is asking no I think what it I will say like my friend Jim Valio it says talent
is the thing you can't do and so like I'm speaking for Daniel but like for me
like I listen to that I just it boggles my mind I don't know how you could do it
and how you could write it that's why I wonder like how do you what how do you
define like when something becomes a song like do you do you do you go are
you like sitting in bed and you're watching Succession on HBO and then
you're like very good thing fuck I got a song in my I got to go down I only got
two hours left to finish this song just acting like if I stop asking the
question you're gonna have just a fountain question yeah I'm working on it
man here's my question I got a question for you because it's so your work has
got to be so self-motivated you know and like I sort of even chose in TV because
you have yeah wait it's that modern dance oh shit dance having a heart attack
what is he doing what is going on
he's having a stroke what the fucking no I think I know I think I know what Dan
is asking I can't believe but so I've chosen a field where there's always a
gun to my head seriously and do you just do you you don't have that answer the
question Robbie do you how often do you write songs how often do you write
songs how often your race that's a song Robbie write a song Robbie write a
song okay that's you that's a Harmontown second yeah not often enough he did
leave his phone though yeah oh good there's a good chance Tina Fey's numbers a good
bit that he left he actually left but that's that's it's hard to question
somebody out of the room I mean I even for like wait did he really leave what's
good I hope no I'm kidding I would have want to be subjected to that yeah a
culture was created during the question of like Robbie come back it's hard to
explain to the listener what Dan did in that moment it was it was almost like it
was almost like a man dancing with a strobe light over it's I know we saw
moments of poses and emotions were definitely coming through it's very
emotional it's what the evil teacher does in fairly odd parents when he says
fairy god yeah I'd had some of that it has some of that I haven't seen that he
does these poses various ones all right so I think you should go ahead continue
the question I mean I because well why not why not finish the question well
now I'm just curious what difference this is what I want to know from musicians
all the time is like when like how does the like how does the brick that that is
a song like how does it get generated like what do you mean by the break like
when does he know he's done or when does he know he's onto something do they
generate music by the yard and then do they like cut here and there and go like
okay there's a song or do they like generate it in a pile or do they is it
like a baby like it's like three minutes of oh you know if I could if I can
answer for Robbie I think you're gonna have to no I think I do think there's
difference between playing music and writing music because it takes three
minutes to play three minutes of music right okay I follow you right where it's
what we do usually takes a lot longer right it's like improv you know like you
know how long it takes to make six minutes of improv six minutes right but
writing a song is a whole different thing I mean do you wait for inspiration
or do you use yeah exactly start ask him that if he comes I'm not like a great
question do you wait for inspiration or do you just approach it like okay I'm
gonna see what comes out of me yeah I know it's a great question God I wonder
why Rob why do you look so pissed what's that Rob looks very pissed no I'm just this fucking chair sucks
okay hurts if you sit here long enough right right sorry I'm sorry what there's
no back support there's no back support okay cool all right so if I don't so
like we will we'll we'll we're making a renewed vow to work on our joint project
yeah I think it's a great idea we'll go we'll I have an idea for it you have an
idea for it well I'm not an idea but I don't have an idea for it no I my ideas
is to make it a period piece which I'll talk to you about like 80s no like
menstruation like no no no no like like yeah like 80s or did you what was the
first show you worked on was your own show right yeah you didn't ever did
multi cam I never you worked on the golden girls that was here I did which I
started binging and it's like it's such an amazing like it was a it was good
learning experience did we talk about when you were on the show we did we have
the conversation where it was like how how needless it was that Sophia was
originally portrayed as like having had a stroke and that's the justification for
why she was talking about that but that was the justification there was so much
energy put into like but your mom look she had a stroke it destroyed the part
of her brain that censors her speech so she's a really old lady that just says
whatever she wants as if that needed a medical justification the one character
you're explaining the personality as opposed to like and then be Arthur's
character well you know her singulum occipital lobes fire in conjunction with
her make a lesson she's an American tingling generating extra estrogen
or getting a tripping down early on an enormous rate yeah well hey what you
agree that it would be a bad idea every personality explained through
chemistry every golden girl yeah yeah that was that was although I will say at
the time it was not a cool show to be it was great to be on that show it was
amazing learning experience and I guess I started at the end of season
four no end of season five and then I was on it through the end because in
binging it it seems like I felt like you could feel the show get worse no because
it kind of I mean it did you know what happens if you start using the tricks of
the trade well there was what I felt like I perceived was a really solid first
season that was undoubtedly probably a show that people probably didn't put a
lot behind well now and that Susan Harris created and she was and is a
genius and it was like it just ran Sam Harris efficient then you could sense
the beginning of the second season the second season premiere began with like
the fucking ferrets and the cages in the garage or whatever and it was it was as
if like the floodgates had opened like alright congratulations you got season
two now here's the thing we got so-and-so coming in he used to show run no
actually that was not the case I think it was at believe it or I was like it
premiered at number one it was just one of those weird things nobody had programmed
to older people and and nobody had programmed successfully on Saturday
night I guess since like Mary Teller Moore or something and it just it became
number one in the country it was a huge thing although it wasn't a hip show so I
I you know I didn't walk off of there with like a great like the guys who were
on Cheers and that kind of right but but it was it was incredible and even just
just being able to see you know these four amazing actresses naked was I know
that was back when you were allowed to this like oh my god you're expected to
yeah it was their duty it was a show of respect but what was the what was the
tone like on set it was in season four like was there they were I think you
make it to season four you're allowed for I think the actors are allowed to
actually all hate each other and but I don't think I mean I think Betty you know
played to the crowd and everything and and and B was you know they didn't get
along great they were opposite I always thought there were opposites in the sense
that B was kind of scary on the outside but so sweet on the inside and you know
Betty is so sweet on the outside and a little scary she she fucking put Chevy's
nuts in a vice when she was on community like I really it was I don't really have
like a wonderful anecdote about that but it was like it was more honestly it's
more credit to Chevy because I think Chevy like he was it was more about him
respecting her so much that it was very easy right to kind of wither him yeah
it was something like she just met him and she was like she said something like
I've heard about you and I but that's okay or something just some bit that was
sort of like and he was like what and everyone's like laughing at him and you
could see him be like goddamn yeah that sounds like her she's she was very
direct and yet you know because she's sort of fearless and she yeah that was
always at you know also be Arthur had to do all her scenes with Estelle Estelle
had memory problems which we later found out was was deeper than that and so be
would have to do her scenes 20 30 times so she was just in a bad mood yeah and
also there was well I'm not gonna tell that story because you make up a
different story yes okay no there that's I'll tell everybody off the air but
no it was I remember when I met Betty I said said though they want me to tell
you they're doing a they're doing a layout upstairs and she said oh yes
and someone took pictures and I just looked at her confused you know I mean
she's just she's saucy she was always big yeah there's a layout like you know
area I was fucking upstairs was I think her her point of view okay yeah yeah she
told it much better but that's amazing you did not have to go through that
because it was that was a great experience but a lot of the other shows
I was on was not I mean it was I didn't it just you know you're not doing your
voice yeah that's I suffered for that entirely that's the thing is like if I
could do it all over again I spent so many years like just writing kind of in
vain I guess it's easy to say because I know now that all the things that I wrote
in between you know it's like they didn't go anywhere anyway so I may as
well have been in someone else's writer's room but it God DM I suffered as a
showrunner because I went from I was in it I was an officer and I was never an
unlisted man right well that I mean that's true but I think I think when you
have a strong point of view it's show running is a whole other thing I mean
it really is it's like it's like being a chef and then someone saying okay now
we've got a hundred of these to make right but understanding that if you have
10 people that cost a total of a million dollars of the studio's money and
they're there to help you and that you can't actually offend them by saying
for instance I think we can beat this joke just things that I had to learn
yeah yeah slowly and that had I come up as a staff writer I could have been like
on point season one and well I mean possibly I would say like the best
thing for people who want to write and that kind of thing you know it's gonna
sound counterintuitive but I do think when you're in those jobs and you're
coming up it's you want to be of service you want to be of support you know and I
think it is a bad impulse even though I had it say well when do I get my voice
out there when do I do my thing I do think the experience is support someone
yeah and and I it does give you a different perspective when you're in
that job and and sometimes not a better perspective because you're upset when
people aren't supporting you but that that's the skill yeah you don't what
well there's a your primary instinct is what kind of hack would I be if I told
another writer that what they had written for me was not good enough for me
all of your training as a supposedly amazing writer tells you that's what a
shitty writer would do like you don't tell it's uncomfortable when you're
working to create a field and there's a lot of people working together it's
it's hard to it's hard to be direct about that stuff and someone recently said
to me I was in a room and I said oh that's funny when somebody pitched
something and another writer said that means it's not funny and I realized
it's true I've just done that for so long yeah and then hope this
conversation changes and then I go no wrong answers yeah yeah when wolf come
on all right the people but yeah it is it's just interesting to me that that
could be a form of selfishness when you believe that you're doing it how much
not communicating with other people like you think you can think that that makes
you not abusive for instance not it makes you but you right if you're being
direct is better being honest better other doesn't feel like it if you're like
if you close your office door and are just like I'll just do it and they're
like you close the office door it's like that's a form of abuse to a like
person that's like but I don't know what I did wrong the other revelation of
that kind of job and I know a lot of people here are pursuing that kind of
career is that you're working your way up you're trying to find your thing you're
trying to be funnier what if you're in comedy you try to get your pilot bait and
that kind of thing and then finally you do and you've got all these employees and
you just have no preparation to have people work for you it's just not part
of what you've been planning you haven't been thinking I'm gonna be a manager of
people I'm gonna worry about their time off I'm gonna I'm gonna make sure that
their feelings are okay it's just not there and oh and by the way I can't wait
to read all their shit because that's why I became a writer I love reading yeah
and you have to kind of make the shift that it's I mean it sounds corny but
that it's a privilege like you have to realize you know and it took me a while
to realize like this is a real benefit that I get to have people that count on
me they're happy but at first it's a it's an imposition would you put a shock
collar on your dog no do you know what part of my dog like a because they're
they're parts that would be vibration and sound collars well are you what
what behavior are you trying to modify barking no you're just gonna terrorize
your dog you're not gonna teach the dog to not bark you're just gonna tear
Amazon reviews say that's not there you go then do whatever you want I think
you're supposed to praise them when they're not barking so yeah constantly
praise them and then when they park just be quiet Harvey I think that shit I think
a lot of people's dogs do yeah yeah that's one of the main things that talks
to you when they're when they're not just hanging out being dogs they're
barking right yeah Harvey seems to be I think that he's I think that the new
house being bigger and empty I think he's just he's he's barking more and more
and it's almost like how we've talked more since Robbie left right and they've
talked about it like the dog is doing you a favor it's got a bigger space to
protect so anytime it sees anything that is foreign or dangerous oh shit it's
alerting it so they love this point you're making yeah they love this point
you're making you're right it is it's an he's protecting the family yeah
Robbie and I just made love in the green room what you forgot your phone Tina
called yeah she does not appreciate the dick pic that Rob sent Dan do you know
any country songs that you can sing or any folk songs I mean we have an
opportunity here for like we you can sing whatever you want oh my god this
guy is still in here yeah country songs like existing country song also
hilariously I probably the sales might have been down on this but Robbie made
like how many years ago did you make the Michael Jackson cover album what you
made a Michael Jackson cover it's all covers and he's your your your version
of man in the mirror is fucking outrageous it's really good but now
probably not so big on the charts well it's good to take it from him you know
it's like let's do different versions of all this stuff and then we could
disassociate it with Michael Jackson that could be good go go out and check it
out what's the record called it's called happy it is are you a Willie Nelson
fan sure yeah I mean who would say no no fuck Willie Nelson but like yeah Willie
Nelson reminds me of my parents getting along like it was like a like when they
weren't fighting they would they would put on a Willie Nelson album and then you
know Southern Comfort on the rocks and a fireplace going and it was like Willie
Nelson so I guess those are the only country songs that I like like which one
do you think you know some of the words blue eyes I know I know some well is it
you pushing for that because you're like your fingers are can't wait to because
I know that one that one I don't know your babies I'm like like well there's
there's the two cowboy ones mom like I think it's like the two that are the
urban urban cowboy right now electric horseman soundtrack Robert Robert
Redford and Jane Fonda that's just a camel mama's don't let your babies grow
up to be cowboys and then what's the other one that's cowboys looking back on
there I don't know I think it's like a little Willie Nelson soundtrack like red
head strangers on but there's what's the other cowboy Willie Nelson song where
it's like there's another one that's like cowboys fucking what'd you say
poncho lefty no I feel like it's like almost like you hear this titles and
you're kind of like didn't you already do that song it's like one's like mama's
don't let your god damn it there's another one that's like cowboys do this
or that and they don't do that and the cowboy rulebook yeah I think that's what
it is the cowboy rulebook yeah why don't why don't we write the cowboy rulebook
song right now okay but I'll have Willie Nelson you're gonna listen brings you
the cowboy rulebook these are the rules of the cowboy
cowboys never wear blue jeans whoa after Labor Day when there's rattlesnakes
born cowboys never drink whiskey outside a saloon with no Wi-Fi because they
never want any forlornness these are the rules for cowboys these are the rules
every cowboy you yeah never never has the rules yeah no you got the idea
cowboys are always riding around with the horsey if two cowboys meet the one
on the left has to dance that's not the end if three cowboys join up in a
market they have to have a quorum if there's 11 cowboys or less there can
only be three pants any carpet a cowboy walks on is now magic that means it can
lift up to four cowboys in its weight if you go to a restaurant with more than
seven or cowboys you have to give the cowboy to your right half your plate
okay cowboys these are the rules these are the cowboy rules these are the
rules the cowboys have to follow boys when the cowboys come home they got a
rule book but cowboys always follow I think that's I think that's the I hope
Willie Nelson doesn't hear that because I'll think I was doing here as in
Ford or David Duchovny so when you write a song like that down Dan do you what's
your process down when you're a musician you're writing a song like that
first I'll hear something in the shower like is the radio on and they'll be
like no that's my heart
a lot of songs like oh I found a great title of a song and I'm gonna write the
song around that title like do you ever do that like the dude you think of like
oh that should be a song that phrase that I heard I just thought I've ever heard
like Schitt's Creek yeah absolutely yeah right yeah that's I think that's the that yeah that's the country way it's
start with a hook with a title and I kind of work around that that's just like
TV writing in a way is it I want this episode to be called an evening to
remember that's often like an NBC mid-season show kind of thing it was
every you could expect like six shows that were like swipe to the left okay
that's six and that's the hip show yeah it was always like sex sexting OMG but
you can't complain about it because you never know which one of those is gonna
be like because there's always something on the air that's like 83 reasons my
daughter's my uncle in the future I like how did that what they didn't expect that
to go more than 11 there's like yeah here we are back up plan just no wrong
answers in TV do you do you here's no wrong answers do you do you give
yourself an assignment or do you just wait to see what comes to you do you
will you say like all right this weekend I really want to at least put something
down well to be honest I don't like writing that well it's not fun you know
so same page I'll wait for a reason you know with you dad no yeah what do you
have to you have to make your own reason in television you don't have to you
have a you know you got a deadline but well maybe once in a while somebody will
throw me a project or something but yeah usually it's like it's time to do
another record you know so you got to write the record hard it's hard I got a
project for you Robbie folks it's an app called cord bot I use it to make my own
songs while I work out and you can hit this button and it goes song-o-matic and
it gives you a four what do they call measures you're like what is what called
bars it for it is bar bars is probably what it is and then you hit the thing and
then it goes like C major F major those are great chords E flat a big C major
fan a minor what do you think about that are you scared like John Henry was
your little scared aren't you yeah it's like this there's a little Robbie folks
in my phone you're like what's happening yeah what is this witchcraft was it
Robbie plays it see see it away this is because you can you can have this the
phone doesn't own this it made it up that's yeah that's two I tell you it
really seems to work it's a great song now you're just you're not helping Rob
that's not helping Robbie was like why is that that's vandalism what you're
doing like we like you're like distracting him you're like 4chan
then you're the 4chan of this song yeah I want to see you what keep going down
Dan Rob Robbie keep going well I did no not Rob shop yeah probation but that's
the real world when you write a song there's always someone who's trying to
get in there and ruin it for you that's you see you it prepares you yeah that's
what I do yeah it's always there's always gonna be a counter to create a song
with a legendary song the song Robbie your song fuck this town is that based
on actual like like autobiography of being in Nashville yeah it is Jeff fuck
this town we were driving along and like people I see town in Nashville like
it's kind of a folksy saying it's a city you know they're always saying this
town and we're driving along a bunch of songwriters and in the 90s wherever
somebody goes oh it's a five-year town national we gotta wait be patient it's a
five-year town somebody goes well the town is really and I was in the back I
said like hey fuck this town so that's a good song title it is yeah wait fuck it
in the end fuck it up and fuck it end to end fucking end to end yeah yeah fuck it
up and down up and down that's very punk rock so what is the given given that
the attitude but it sometimes you do have to get angry well that's true I
mean I really like a question I have a country Western is like what what are
the things that demarcate because we there's been controversies lately where
it's like a hip-hop guy like the content of his rap was like him riding on a
horse or whatever and then they were like oh that's not eligible for what
ever it's like what is the I'm assuming the answer is it's not definitive but
like in your mind what makes the difference between the genres of music
like what is country Western that separates it is it about musical like
seriously yeah like is it an engineering answer what is what is the
definition of country Western I agree like it obviously we hear it you can
tell you're mocking my question so that's why yeah so I'll tell you what I
think I I think I'm a little bit divorced from what's been going on in
country music for the last oath 25 35 years I'm not real up on it but I think
it's like still connected to what it was in the sense that it's kitchen sink
songs it's like universal subjects it's like you know it's like
microscoped down to the level of the the family and the and the you know a
couple individuals in a house trying to get along things like that and and I
think it does that better than stories about that in simple language better
than any other genre maybe a song of yours are like you have a lot of upbeat
happy songs but you've got some very like really lonely sad songs like for
guidance about great singing excuse me yeah everybody in country music you
have a fucking range like you can sing real high and like you got a big ass
range you can't hide your voice there's nowhere to you know you're right in
center there's a song like for listeners to go check out as a forgotten but not
gone that that song is sad as fuck but I love it it's really like lonesome and
thank you this podcast needs more compliments but you also need to be
kept humble with a run for your money from the algorithm oh here we go
just listen to this Robbie I'll go I can add a guitar to this hold on acoustic
guitar
uh-oh Rob stop it no Rob Robbie folks I'm the algorithm I've come to take your
soul to hell you believe that your music will save you but I have a different
tale to tell I was born on Golgotha next to Christ with bones in my femur that's
where everyone has bones big deal my name is Beelzebub so that wouldn't be a
country song no like as an example Robbie Robbie what key is Ramam
favorite the same key you know Jeff we were doing it in E back there during the
hiatus if you know it you y'all know Merle Haggard nope one person went who
Merle Haggard yeah he's just it's song called Ramam Fever and is it okay if Mitch
and I go into the green room and speak really loudly about golden girls for the
next 10 minutes well that way the audience gets it no explanation they
get everything or there might be a Vincent Price like like like middle
section of this my hat don't hang on the same nail too long just me or you
fires can't stand to hear the same old song and I don't stay on one road long
enough the ball down in the mud cuz I've got rambling fever in my blood
Jeff B Davis I caught this rambling fever long ago when I first heard alone
some whistle blow if someone ever said I gave a damn what they damn sure told
you wrong I've had a rambling fever all along everyone join in Ramam one guy
fever yeah I can't be measured by the grease Ramam Fever ain't no kind of cure
for my disease well there's times I'd like to bed down on a sofa and let some
pretty lady rub my back and spend the early morning drinking coffee dreaming
about when I'll be coming back and I'll never get too old to get around I want
to die beside the highway and right away like some old highlight oh and rest
this rambling fever in my soul all right singing motherfuckers rambling fever
kind of can't be measured by the grease rambling fever
no kind of cure for my disease one more chorus rambling fever kind of can't be
measured by degree thank y'all for coming to Harmontown everybody let's give it up
for Mitch Hurwitz Rob Schrupp I'm Jeff Davis give it up for Robby folks everybody
Spencer Crittenden then Dan Harmon as your mayor thank you so much Zach put a
beat on thank you all drive fast and take chances thank you so much for
coming down watch creep show this Thursday watch creep show show this
Thursday show my episode is on shutter check it out only reason I showed up
tonight with the brum promote that glad I got it in there did you get any of that
it's a good show